(1) Discuss the hazards you had to deal with. For each:

 - What type of hazard was it?

 - Show an instruction sequence that exposes it

 - What solutions did you consider?

 - Which one did you pick? Why?

 Resource hazards were a non-issue in this project for me.

I had to deal with control hazards. 

Control hazard instruction sequence:    
    movl r1, 6
    jz r1, r0
    movl r1, 10 //should never do this, so this would be an incorrect instruction in the pipeline
    sub r0, r1, r0 //should print whatever the decimal value 6 translates to in hex as an ASCII

This would occur whenever I would take a jump instruction, meaning that the instructions in
the pipeline were wrong because the PC was incorrect. I considered branch prediction and flushing, and I decided on flushing
because it's simple to implement and it works. So, I would kill all instructions (if the jump was taken) during write back.

I also had to deal with data hazards. 

Data hazard instruction sequence:
    movl r1, 10
    movl r2, 20
    sub r0, r2, r1

Another example of a data hazard:
    movl r1, 10
    movl r2, 20
    NOP
    NOP
    NOP
    movl r2, 30
    sub r0, r2, r1

Another example of a data hazard with load:
    movl r1, 10
    NOP
    NOP
    NOP
    movl r1, 20
    ld r2, r1
    

The first example is a data hazard because r1 and r2 do not have values until they've reached write back, which is a problem
for the sub instruction because when the sub instruction needs to execute, r1 and r2 are still 0.

The second example is also a data hazard because the sub instruction could use the wrong value of r2 if the movl r2, 30 instruction
hasn't reached write back.

The third example is a data hazard because the load instruction would use the wrong value of r1 since the instruction movl r1, 20
hasn't reached write back yet.

These are all read after write dependencies.

I considered forwarding, stalling, and flushing. Forwarding would require sending the previous stage that is trying to read the register
the correct value that hasn't been written back yet. Stalling would require setting busy flags on registers that are going to be
written into, and if the instruction in a cycle which needs to read that register sees the busy flag, it stays at that stage for another cycle
until the register becomes un-busy (meaning it finally got written into).

I decided on flushing because it was the easiest and I am a bit tired 😭. 

(2) Can your implementation handle misaligned memory references? Explain

No, my implementation cannot handle misaligned memory references. I just tried to get my pipeline working.